Similarites between the model and code:
To start, the code is obviously much more involved, but when you look at the model vs. the code,
you are able to point out where each event in the on the model is happening.
After carefully analyzing the code vs. the model, I don't think there's anything I would change.
The model gives a simplified outline of what to code is expected to do.
I would definitely recommend doing the model first then follwing that for coding. Just writing
without realizing what needs to happen at each event can very easily get overwhelming. The model
nicely lays out what needs to be done.

Group Experience:
We have worked together in the past, in this class and one other, so it made the pair work easy to
coordinate. We first started out with the state diagram and decided from there what had to be coded.
In order to keep things from getting confusing, we had discussions about who would do what.
When things needed to be changed, they were usually communicated by text message and changed. We
unfortunately had some issues with git while we were working on the project. Because of this, a lot
of times when changes were made the file or files were sent by email to the other partner to be
reviewed. This did make it harder to change some things, sometimes the .XML files wouldn’t
cooperate and certain classes and libraries weren’t being recognized. Eventually, all of this
got sorted out and we got the issues with git sorted out.

When working alone, it is your job to figure out what needs to be tested and what tests need to be
written. The good thing about working with a partner is a sounding board. They may develop one part
then you may say this needs to be tested. When working by yourself, TDD is a bit harder because
that’s not the most logical way of thinking, usually you’re just thinking about getting the code
written.

We found the most difficulty in finding time to plan what we needed to do, since we were operating
on opposite schedules. Coding is easy to de asynchronously, but brainstorming ideas is a difficult
matter when that isn’t able to be done in person. We were able to manage our way through this via
email and text message.

Overall, we have found that we work well as a team through this project and others we have
collaborated on. We know that we can communicate well and find a way to get the work done even
though we may work on quite different schedules.
